Meeting widget Implementation (#13)
webex/widgets: README.md

npm install --save webex @webex/widgets
```

## Webex Components vs. Webex Widgets

> [Webex Components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) is a set of React components that _only_ follow webex standard styling without any data being injected to them. Versus [Webex Widgets](https://github.com/webex/widgets#webex-widgets) which include the components _plus_ the [sdk adapter](https://github.com/webex/sdk-component-adapter#webex-sdk-component-adapter) to inject the [SDK webex data](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk#webex-js-sdk) accordingly.

Reviewer: Thanks for writing a first draft on this. I would like to rephrase it some because the way it reads right now it's a little misleading, in the sense that it makes it sound like the components are presentational only. This is not the case.

```suggestion
The [Webex Component System](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) is a set of React components that follow Webex styling but for which data is injected via adapters.
This gives you a flexible layout and source of data.

[Webex Widgets](https://github.com/webex/widgets#webex-widgets) are based on [Webex components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) but include the adapter that talks to our [Javascript SDK](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk).
This means that the Webex Widgets use the [SDK Component Adapter](https://github.com/webex/sdk-component-adapter#webex-sdk-component-adapter) to inject the [Webex data](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk#webex-js-sdk) for you.
You also have to take the Widget layout as-is, but the benefit is that there are no configurations needed.
Install, copy-paste and you have the power of Webex in your application!
```

## Usage

### Styles

In order to properly style Webex Widgets, we need to import all the fonts, icons, images and core _CSS_ manually.
Import `@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css` into your main entry file.

There are two ways to do this:

#### JavaScript

In your `App.js`, add the following import:

```js
import '@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css';
...
```

#### HTML

In the `<head>` of your `index.html`, add the following import:

```html
<head>
  ...
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="node_modules/@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css" />
</head>
```

### Widgets

Please make sure to install the [Webex JS SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webex) plus the [Webex Widget](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webex/widgets) beforehand.

```bash

> npm i webex @webex/widgets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save webex @webex/widgets
```

npm install --save webex @webex/widgets
```

## Webex Components vs Webex Widgets

[Webex Widgets](https://github.com/webex/widgets#webex-widgets) are based on [Webex components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) but include the adapter that talks to our [Javascript SDK](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk).
This means that the Webex Widgets use the [SDK Component Adapter](https://github.com/webex/sdk-component-adapter#webex-sdk-component-adapter) to inject the [Webex data](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk#webex-js-sdk) for you.

> You also have to take the Widget layout as-is, but the benefit is that there are no configurations needed.

Reviewer: Is there a reason why you didn't include the introduction sentence of the Webex Component System?
This sentence now it's odd and without context, because it says "also", and when I read it it's like, "also from what?", "what are you comparing this to?"

I would appreciate you include the intro sentence or something similar

Reviewer: If you don't want to talk about the component features, I would remove "also" because it still sounds comparative

Install, copy-paste and you have the power of Webex in your application!

## Usage

### Styles

> In order to properly style Webex Widgets, we need to import all the fonts, icons, images and core _CSS_ manually.

Reviewer: Not sure why CSS is emphasized

```suggestion
In order to properly style Webex Widgets, we need to import all the fonts, icons, images and core CSS manually.
```

npm install --save webex @webex/widgets
```

## Webex Components vs Webex Widgets

> [Webex Components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) is a set of React components that _only_ follow webex standard styling without any data being injected to them.

Reviewer: I don't like that you say "only ... styling" because it makes it sounds like they're only presentational components. We know they're more than that. While data is not included with the components, they understand it, and that's a big difference.

```suggestion
[Webex Components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) is a set of React components that follow webex standard styling to which data is injected to them via adapters.
```

> Versus [Webex Widgets](https://github.com/webex/widgets#webex-widgets) are based on [Webex components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) but include the adapter that talks to our [Javascript SDK](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk).

Reviewer: Using "versus" does not sound appropriate
```suggestion
[Webex Widgets](https://github.com/webex/widgets#webex-widgets) are based on [Webex components](https://github.com/webex/components#webex-components) but include the adapter that talks to our [Javascript SDK](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk).
```

## Usage

### Styles

In order to properly style Webex Widgets, we need to import all the fonts, icons, images and core _CSS_ manually.
Import `@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css` into your main entry file.

There are two ways to do this:

#### JavaScript

In your `App.js`, add the following import:

```js
import '@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css';
...
```

#### HTML

In the `<head>` of your `index.html`, add the following import:

```html
<head>
  ...
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="node_modules/@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css" />
</head>
```

### Widgets

To use a Webex Widget, simply import the desired widget and render it into your React application

```js
import React from 'react';
import {WebexMeetingWidget} from '@webex/widgets';

import '@webex/widgets/dist/webexWidgets.css';

export default function App() {

>   return <WebexMeetingWidget access_token="<YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN>" meetingDestination="<MEETING_DESTINATION>" />;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return <WebexMeetingWidget accessToken="<YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN>" meetingDestination="<MEETING_DESTINATION>" />;
```
